If a user struggles with a feature during testing, how do you know if it’s a UX problem or a learning curve issue?\
A good way to differentiate between a UX problem and a learning curve issue would be to check whether it is a repeated issue across multiple users. If multiple users struggle with the same issue, then it is likely to be an UX issue. Whereas only one or two user experience difficulties, it can be attributed to a learning curve. Another way to recognise the difference would be to observe the task completion rate amongst users. If users fail the task completely, then it could be a UX issue whereas it would be a learning curve issue if users still succeed but take a longer time to do so.

How can UX designers ensure they don’t influence user responses during an interview?\
The most important thing to prevent influencing user responses is to avoid the use of leading questions. For example, rather than “Do you like this design?” (slightly prompting the user to say yes), it would be better to ask “What do you think of this design?” which contains more neutral wording and thus elicits more honest feedback from the user. A different technique would be to maintain a neutral state while interviewing the user, avoiding making any facial expressions or body language that may affect the user’s answer (e.g. shaking your head when the user struggles with a task).

What’s the best way to document usability testing results so they are useful for design decisions?\
A good way to approach documentation is to establish a structured template beforehand, as it can help in decision decisions by providing clear and actionable insights. The format could begin with stating the objective of the document, followed by the participants involved, tasks they did, findings uncovered, and any takeaways or improvements moving forward. I think it would also be beneficial to categorise issues based on their priority, such as highlighting critical issues to address while also identifying minor problems to solve for later.
